Add blog post to announce the BarCamp's date (#302)
OpenRefine/openrefine.org: blog/2024-02-22-barcamp.md

---
author: Antonin Delpeuch
title: "Save the date: BarCamp on June 17th-19th in Berlin"
---

We will hold [an in-person meeting around OpenRefine](https://openrefine.github.io/BarCamp2024/) on June 17th-19th in Berlin, Germany.
We hope to gather many interested OpenRefine community members, partners and stakeholders who want to help shape the project’s future.
Remote attendance will be possible too.

> Co-organizers for this event would be welcome: if you want to help shape this event, let us know [on the forum](https://forum.openrefine.org/t/organizing-an-openrefine-barcamp/179/35).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Co-organizers for this event would be welcome. If you would like to help shape this event, please let us know [on the forum](https://forum.openrefine.org/t/organizing-an-openrefine-barcamp/179/35).
```
Small stylistic improvement.

> More details will follow: for now, just save the date!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details will follow. For now, just save the date!
```
Another small stylistic improvement.
